decorator/basic/ComponentConcrete1.java
 decorator.basic.ComponentConcrete1
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio1/IDepartamento.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio1.IDepartamento
proxy/basic/Proxy.java
 proxy.basic.Proxy
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio1/SantaCruz.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio1.SantaCruz
bridge/basic/Client.java
 bridge.basic.Client
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio5/Celular.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio5.Celular
decorator/basic/DecoratorConcrete1.java
 decorator.basic.DecoratorConcrete1
adapter/basic/ConcreteAdapter1.java
 adapter.basic.ConcreteAdapter1
visitor/basic/ElementConcrete2.java
 visitor.basic.ElementConcrete2
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio1/LaPaz.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio1.LaPaz
decorator/basic/Client.java
 decorator.basic.Client
bridge/basic/ConcreteAbstraction.java
 bridge.basic.ConcreteAbstraction
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio5/ICelular.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio5.ICelular
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio5/MemoriaExterna.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio5.MemoriaExterna
adapter/basic/ConcreteAdapter2.java
 adapter.basic.ConcreteAdapter2
bridge/basic/ConcreteImplementorA.java
 bridge.basic.ConcreteImplementorA
proxy/basic/RealSubject.java
 proxy.basic.RealSubject
adapter/basic/ConcreteAdapterObject.java
 adapter.basic.ConcreteAdapterObject
adapter/basic/Client.java
 adapter.basic.Client
visitor/basic/ElementConcrete1.java
 visitor.basic.ElementConcrete1
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio1/Turista.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio1.Turista
visitor/basic/IElement.java
 visitor.basic.IElement
visitor/basic/Cliente.java
 visitor.basic.Cliente
bridge/basic/ConcreteImplementorB.java
 bridge.basic.ConcreteImplementorB
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio5/Client.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio5.Client
adapter/basic/IAdapter.java
 adapter.basic.IAdapter
bridge/basic/IAbstraction.java
 bridge.basic.IAbstraction
bridge/basic/Implementor.java
 bridge.basic.Implementor
decorator/basic/Decorator.java
 decorator.basic.Decorator
visitor/basic/ConcreteVisitante.java
 visitor.basic.ConcreteVisitante
adapter/basic/ConcreteAdapter3.java
 adapter.basic.ConcreteAdapter3
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio5/Decorator.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio5.Decorator
decorator/basic/DecoratorConcrete2.java
 decorator.basic.DecoratorConcrete2
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio5/VidrioTemplado.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio5.VidrioTemplado
decorator/basic/Component.java
 decorator.basic.Component
visitor/basic/ElementConcrete3.java
 visitor.basic.ElementConcrete3
visitor/basic/IVisit.java
 visitor.basic.IVisit
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio1/ITurista.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio1.ITurista
proxy/basic/Client.java
 proxy.basic.Client
adapter/basic/ConcreteObject.java
 adapter.basic.ConcreteObject
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio5/Carcasa.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio5.Carcasa
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio1/Cochabamba.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio1.Cochabamba
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio5/DecoratorConcrete2.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio5.DecoratorConcrete2
EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV/ejercicio1/Cliente.java
 EJerciciosParcialFinalManuelV.ejercicio1.Cliente
proxy/basic/ISubject.java
 proxy.basic.ISubject
